# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --output-file caddy/llm/requirements.txt caddy/llm/requirements.in
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via langchain-core
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
aws-xray-sdk==2.13.0
botocore==1.34.70
    # via aws-xray-sdk
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-api-core==2.18.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.123.0
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
huggingface-hub==0.22.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.13
langchain-community==0.0.29
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
opensearch-py==2.5.0
orjson==3.9.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==10.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2023.12.25
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests-aws4auth
    #   transformers
requests-aws4auth==1.2.3
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.6.1
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   opensearch-py
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-aws4auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.29
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.39.1
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   opensearch-py
    #   requests
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via aws-xray-sdk
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
